General Inquiries:
KooBits refund policy
* All sales from direct purchase, renewal or pre-order are final, non-transferable and non-refundable.
   * If you would like to try our Premium Plan first before deciding to purchase, you can register for a free 7-day Maths trial or free 7-day Science trial. Kindly note that trial will start immediately after registration and payment will be charged 7 days later if trial subscription is not canceled within 7 days. Payment time will be similar to the time of trial registration (not end of the day 2359 hr). 
* Any refund request within 10 days after trial sign up/purchase is subjected to management approval and may involve a 15% cancellation fee based on amount paid (for payment gateway and admin charges).
* We will not consider any request for refunds after 10 days of trial/purchase.
* KooBits reserves the right to revise the terms and conditions of this refund policy at any time without prior notice.
* If you require any further assistance, kindly contact us via our Contact Us page.
Can I pay monthly or for a few months only?
Only annual billing is accepted at the moment.
For information regarding KooBits Maths learning plans and pricing, please refer to koobits.com/plans. If you would like to try our Maths Premium Plan first before deciding to purchase, you can sign up for a free 7-day Maths trial.
For information regarding KooBits Science, you can refer to www.koobits.com/sg/science. If you are interested in KooBits Science, you can sign up for a free 7-day Science trial.
What are the payment methods?
You may go to www.koobits.com/plans and scroll down to the registration form to learn about the available payment methods for your region.
Singapore, Hong Kong and all other regions (except Philippines and Indonesia)
1. Debit or credit card (Mastercard, Visa, American Express, Discover Network)
Indonesia
1. Debit or credit card (Mastercard, Visa, American Express, Discover Network)
2. E-wallets (OVO, Dana, Link Aja, ShopeePay)
Philippines
1. Debit or credit card (Mastercard, Visa, American Express, Discover Network)
2. E-wallets (GCash, Paymaya, GrabPay, BillEase)
Can I cancel the subscription after purchase?
No, you will not be able to cancel the subscription after purchase.
All sales from direct purchase or renewal are final and are non-refundable. If you would like to try our Maths Premium Plan first before deciding to purchase, you can sign up for a free 7-day Maths trial. If you are interested in KooBits Science, you can sign up for a free 7-day Science trial.
Please refer to our KooBits Refund Policy which is applicable to all users and shared during registration.
When can I start using it after payment?
After successful payment, you’ll receive immediate confirmation, and account details for you and your child will be sent to your registered email separately within one working day;
If no email is received at all after one working day, feel free to contact us via our Contact Us page.
Differences between Maths Premium Plan and School Plan
 mceclip1.png 

School plan: 
- Teachers can assign homework to students, track results and assign activities when they are in class
- Teachers can track student's mastery and proficiency
- Compete with classmates/schoolmates in Top Brain leaderboard for the School Prize (Singapore only)


Premium plan:
Access to the following enrichment features: 
a) Interactive virtual classes to help kids aged 6-12 years learn about real-world applications of Math topics taught in school (under feature KooClass)
b) Higher Order Thinking Skills (HOTS) questions to provide more challenges using Heuristic approaches (under feature Mission)
c) our In-house Math revision papers (under feature KooQuiz)
d) compiled Top School Papers for Math (under feature KooQuiz). Learn more about KooQuiz here.
e) an additional AI report to track your child's learning progress for HOTS, highlighting the strengths and weaknesses (under feature Report)
f) assigning custom created worksheets by parents to the child (under feature Assignment)


For Premium Plan users based in Singapore - users will qualify for Top Brain individual awards (termly) if they earn at least 500 CPs for the term. Learn more at koobits.com/awards/topbrain.
 
Overall, KooBits Premium plan will upgrade your child's learning experience to a new level beyond the standardized school experience. If you would like to try our Maths Premium Plan first before deciding to purchase, you can register a 7-day free trial.
Learn more about all plans at koobits.com/plans, and feel free to contact our support team!
What are the different learning plans and their pricing?
For information regarding KooBits Maths learning plans and pricing, please refer to koobits.com/plans. If you would like to try our Maths Premium Plan first before deciding to purchase, you can sign up for a free 7-day Maths trial.
For information regarding KooBits Science, you can refer to www.koobits.com/sg/science. If you are interested in KooBits Science, you can sign up for a free 7-day Science trial.
What is a School Plan? Can I subscribe to a School Plan?
Only schools can subscribe to school plans under KooBits and hence, this option is not available for parents to subscribe individually.
Users under a school plan will be able to receive assignments given by teachers. However, they will not be able to enjoy additional features which are only available to Standard/Premium Plan users.
For more information on our individual learning plans, please refer to koobits.com/plans.
My child is 4 or 5 years old. Can I register?
Our content curriculum for KooBits Maths is designed for Primary 1 to 6 learners (7 to 12 years old). Some learners start earlier at the preschool stage (5 or 6 years old) and parents of such children choose KooBits to prepare their child for Primary 1. We also have a read aloud feature for some Primary 1-2 Maths/Science questions (7 to 8 years old). This feature will help those younger children who may not be able to read well.
We suggest that you can sign up for a free 7-day Maths trial first and try before deciding whether to purchase. For information regarding KooBits Maths learning plans and pricing, please refer to koobits.com/plans. 
As for KooBits Science, the curriculum is Singapore Science which is designed for Primary 3 to 6 learners (9 to 12 years old). KooBits also has practice questions for Primary 1 to 2 learners (7 to 8 years old) to practice and prepare for Science in Primary 3 onwards. For information regarding KooBits Science, you can refer to www.koobits.com/sg/science. If you are interested in KooBits Science, you can sign up for a free 7-day Science trial.
Do I have access to content at a higher/lower level?
Yes. Your child’s account has unlimited access to any questions in all Grade 1 to 6 primary levels under the Mission module. Please visit this page for details: Access To Practice Questions in Any Grade Level
The default level will be used to personalize your child’s daily experience under the Challenge module.
I have 2 kids (or more). Can my kids share the same account?
We highly recommend signing up for separate accounts for each child so you can understand each child's progress by using reports available in the student platform or Parent App. With individual accounts, each child can also experience all features in their own account and at their own learning pace. Learn more about Reports here. 
One of our strongest features is our AI system's ability to capture all learning data of your child and summarize them into a detailed report, highlighting strengths and weaknesses. Having more than one user for the same account will result in an inaccurate report.
Are the questions read aloud (audio assisted)?
We have a read aloud feature for some Primary 1-2 Maths/Science questions (for 7 to 8 years old). This feature will help those younger children who may not be able to read well.
Can I merge my child's school account with the premium account?
Yes, you can fill up this form to request for the merger of accounts for seamless access. You will be able to toggle between the Premium & School interface with the final merged account.

If you have any further enquiry, you can reach out to us at our Contact Us page.
Will the CPs, KoKoCredits & Activity history be merged if I merge my School Plan with my Premium Plan?
By default, only the school plan will be retained and upgraded to Premium and you will be able to toggle between Premium and School plan in the KooBits portal.

Only CPs from your child's school account will be retained (to prevent overlap of CPs from the daily limit of 26 CPs). KoKoCredits can be merged for both accounts.

Activity history (such as under Mission & Assignment) is only retained from the school account.

Note: You have the option to request a reversed arrangement via this form.


Accounts and Parents app:
Cancel/turn off auto-renewal of my child’s subscription
You can follow the following 3 simple steps to cancel/turn off the auto-renewal of your child's subscription plan.
1. Login at member.koobits.com and enter your parent account login ID & password. (The parent account login ID is your registered email with KooBits. If you do not remember the password, you can click on "Forgot your Parent Account password" at the bottom right corner of the login page - member.koobits.com.)
2. Click on the ‘Settings’ option on the top menu and select ‘Bill & Subscription’
Note: For parents using their mobile phones to access, please tilt your phone to landscape mode to see the Settings button.
3. Click the ‘Cancel Auto-Renewal’ option on the plan that you want to cancel and follow the prompts.
After cancellation, the auto-renewal billing of the plan will be turned off automatically and your child's account will remain accessible until the end of the subscription. Those who have turned off this auto-renewal option can opt to renew their child's account through any of the following options: 
   * Renew through special renewal offers received via email or Whatsapp.
   * Login to the child's account at member.koobits.com (upon expiry) and follow the instructions to renew.
If you need further assistance, feel free to contact us via our Contact Us page.
How to check Subscription & Expiry
You can check your subscription end date if you are a Premium Plan user.
   * Login to your child's account at member.koobits.com
   * Click the Profile Picture
   * Choose 'My Profile'
 My-Profile.png 





How can I renew my subscription?
You can renew your child's subscription through any of the following ways: 
   * Login to the child's expired account at member.koobits.com and follow the renewal instructions. 
   * Pay the renewal through early renewal special offers sent via email or Whatsapp message.
The account will be renewed automatically after payment is done. If under auto-renewal, your account will be auto-charged and renewed upon expiry of the subscription.
If you need further assistance, you can contact the Customer Support team via our Contact Us page.
Forgot Password?
Password is wrong?
– Check the spelling* and make sure there is no extra spacing added in between, before and after the password. You may select the 'Show' option beside the password field to see what you have typed.
*NOT case-sensitive. Either lowercase or uppercase is okay.
 
Cannot remember your password for your child's account?
1. If you have tried to enter a password, there will be an option to reset your password by clicking on 'Forgot password?' link below the password field.
 Screenshot_2021-04-20_at_6.16.49_PM.png 

2. Reset child's password through the KooBits Parent App
  a. Login to your Parent App account (refer here on how to access/login to KooBits Parent App)
  b. Go to the menu by clicking the 3 lines on the upper left corner.
  c. Click Edit/Add Child.
  d. Click Edit on the child account you wish to reset the password.
  e. Under Password, click Reset to enter the new password.
 
3. Request for password reset separately (if the above 2 ways do not work)
Option A: 
- If you are a school plan user, you can contact your school teacher to reset your password.
Option B:
- If you are a individual plan user (Premium/Standard plan), you can send an email to: support@koobits.com
- Email Subject: 'KooBits Password Reset'
- Email Content: Login ID, User's Full Name, Country, School and Class

 
Cannot remember your password for your parent's account?
You can click on the "Forgot your Parent Account password" link at the bottom right corner of the login page - member.koobits.com.
  

How to change a child account's password?
After logging in, you can change your password by clicking the drop-down arrow on the top right corner, click on 'Edit Profile', and select 'Change Password'.
 Screenshot_2021-04-20_at_6.04.39_PM.png 

* For security, we recommend the new password should be a combination of letters, numbers and special characters. 
Forgot Login ID?
Login ID is invalid?
– Check the spelling* of the login ID and make sure there is no extra spacing.
*NOT case-sensitive. Either lowercase or uppercase is ok
– Confirm that you’re on the correct KooBits login page (https://member.koobits.com/)
– Can't remember your Login ID? If you are a school plan user, you may check with your school teacher. If you are a Premium plan user, you can email to support@koobits.com to enquire.
How do I change the default level?
Please contact our Customer Support team (https://www.koobits.com/contact) and request to adjust your child's account default level.

Note: Changing the child's account default level only applies to individual subscription accounts (not under a school plan). 
If your child's account is under a school plan, please contact the school teacher and request to change the default level. 
 
Provide the following details: 
   - Child's name: 
   - Parent's registered email address: 
   - New default level: (choose from Primary 1 to Primary 6)
Can I change the language interface in KooBits platform?
Yes, you can if you are an individual plan user in Indonesia or Hong Kong.
For example, Hong Kong Premium plan users will have Traditional Chinese (Cantonese) as default & an additional English option to choose from. 
You can select "Settings" in the drop down list on the top right hand corner. You will be directed to the settings for the language and you can select your preferred language at the "Change" button. Click on "Confirm" after selection and the language interface will change.
 mceclip1.png 

If I have both Maths and Science subscription, can I access both subjects using the same login account?
Yes. Users with these two subscriptions can toggle between these 2 subjects after logging in. The toggle button will be available on the top left hand corner of the dashboard.
I have both Maths and Science subscriptions. Will KoKo Credits and Challenge Points earned from Science be merged with Maths?
Your KoKo Credits balance will be the same for both subjects. However, for Challenge Points (CPs) balance will be different for each subject.
How to change Profile Picture?
After logging in, you can click on the drop-down arrow on the top right corner, select 'Edit Profile', and click on your Profile Picture.
You may upload your own photo under the Profile Picture by selecting from the computer and click upload.
* Maximum file size allowed: 2MB
* Supported file types: JPG, PNG, GIF
 Screenshot_2021-04-20_at_6.11.20_PM.png 

Parents App access:


What is KooBits Parent App?
Parents of KooBits users can download the Parent App via App Store or Google Play using mobile phones.
Search 'KooBits Parent' in the App Store or Google Play.
 KooBits Parents App on App Store 
 KooBits Parents App on Google Play 

Version required:
For iOS: requires version 9.0 or up
For Android: requires version 5.0 or up
 
Benefits of KooBits Parent app:
   1. Track child's strengths & weaknesses in real time
   2. Know child's progress against school syllabus
   3. Benchmark child's progress against peers
   4. [NEW] Access to student's account directly via the app
KooBits Premium users (Math / Science) can access their student account directly via the Parent app without the need to enter their account ID and password. Students can access practice features (such as Daily Challenge, Peer Challenge, Assignment and Mission) on mobile phones and practice on-the-go.
 
For more information, please refer to https://www.koobits.com/parent/app. 
How to access/login in KooBits Parent App
Login for Parents of Child under Individual Plan

1. Logging in for the first time
Upon successful subscription, you will receive a confirmation email together with your Parent Account Login ID and Default Password.
Kindly log in with the Parent ID and Default Password provided. The password can be changed thereafter in the account settings.
You will then need to validate your mobile number via OTP when logging in for the first time using your Parent ID.
2. Subsequent logins
Kindly log in with your registered Parent Account Login ID + Password
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Login for Parents of Child under Trial

1. Logging in for the first time
Upon successful subscription and trial activation, you will receive a confirmation email together with your trial Parent Account Login ID and Default Password.
Kindly log in with the Parent ID and Default Password provided. The password can be changed thereafter in the account settings.
You will then need to validate your mobile number via OTP when logging in for the first time using your Parent ID.
[Below is a sample of confirmation email for Trial Users and locating the default login details]
 Screenshot_2021-03-11_at_1.34.03_PM.jpg 

2. Subsequent logins
Kindly log in with your registered Parent Account Login ID + Password
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Login for Parents of Child under School Plan

1. Logging in for the first time
Click on “Create New Parent Account” and thereafter follow the subsequent steps accordingly, which will help you to link your newly-created account to your child’s account.
You will need to validate your mobile number via OTP after logging in for the first time under Parent ID.
[Screenshots below are displayed in sequence of the steps required]
 mceclip3.jpg 
   mceclip4.jpg    mceclip5.jpg 
2. Subsequent logins
Kindly log in with your registered Parent Account Login ID + Password
Need further assistance? Contact our support team.
Link my child in Parent App
After logging in to the Parent app with your KooBits Parent account, you can link your child's KooBits Child account to get started. 
If you have more than 1 parent account for different children, you can also link multiple children (up to 5) under the same parent ID.
 
Link my child or multiple kids to 1 parent account:
1. Log in to your Parent App. (Choose the one you wish to keep if you have more than one parent ID)
2. Navigate to the left menu for your Parent ID profile.
3. Click on "Edit / Add Child", then "Add New Child" to add a new child under the same parent account.
 mceclip2.png 

4. Enter your child's KooBits account's Login ID and Password, then click the Link button to link the account.  mceclip4.png  mceclip1.png 
 
 
Multiple Parent IDs
If you have created accounts for 2 or more kids on separate occasions, you may note from the confirmation emails that there are different parent accounts created per registration.
For instance, email abc@koobits.com was used to register for Child 1's trial previously, and the same email was used to purchase direct subscription for Child 2. 
This may be observed in the confirmation emails:
     Parent account for Child 1: abc@koobits.com 
     Parent account for Child 2: abc@koobits.com1
Note:
Due to detected duplication of email, the system automatically adds a '1' to the parent account of the second/subsequent child. This is just the login ID for the parent account and does NOT affect the email tied to subscription (payment invoices/emails are still sent to the email used to register).
 
If you're having issues with logging in your child's account, please refer to the Account section or contact KooBits Support via support@koobits.com for further assistance.
What is KooScan?
KooScan works on QR codes on printed KooQuiz papers only and this function is exclusive for Premium Plan users. Please update to the latest version of the Parent App if you do not see this button. Currently, the QR codes are only available in KooQuiz Maths HOTS papers & KooQuiz Science Open-Ended questions.
Once the QR code is scanned by using this KooScan function, animated video tutorials or full solution documents will appear to help the child to understand.


Forgot Password in Parent App
On the log-in page of the KooBits Parent App, kindly click on 'Forgot password?' to begin the password retrieval / reset process.
 mceclip0.jpg 
   mceclip1.jpg    mceclip2.jpg 
[Screenshots shown above are displayed in sequence of the steps required]
Upon entering your registered email address, click submit and a recovery email will be sent to you with step-by-step instructions on how you can go about resetting your password.
Change Parent Password
You can change the Parent account password after logging into the Parent account at member.koobits.com.
 
[For Individual account users only] 
Log in to your Parent account (Parent ID + Parent Password) at member.koobits.com, click "Setting" > select "Parent Account Details" > Edit on "Current password" to change the preferred password.
 mceclip0.png 

Reset child's password via Parent App
1. Login to your parent account on the KooBits Parent App. 
Click here for the guide on how to access/login to the Parent App.
2. Go to the menu (click the 3 lines found in the upper left corner).
 mceclip0.png 

3. Click Edit/Add child.
4. Look for the child's account to reset the password.. then click Edit.
5. Under Password, click Reset.
 mceclip0.png 

Assign Homework in Parent App
Parents can create homework for their child via the KooBits Parent App. This feature is only applicable to Standard/Premium plan users.
1. Click on 'Syllabus' and select the subject (depends on which plan you are on).
2. Click on 'Create New Assignment' and select the questions accordingly.
Change child's default login ID
You may change the default child's login ID through your KooBits Parent App account.
Note: You may only change this login ID once. If you need further assistance, please contact us at support@koobits.com.
 
Please follow the steps below should you want to change your child's default login ID:
1. Log in to the Parent App. Click here for the guide on how to access/login to the Parent App.
2. Go to the menu (click the 3 lines found in the upper left corner).
 mceclip0.png 

3. Select Edit/Add child.
4. Look for the child's account then click Edit.
5. Under Login ID, select Modify to change your child's default login ID to your preferred login ID.
 mceclip1.png 

Phone requirements to use Parent App
For iOS: requires version 9.0 or up
For Android: requires version 5.0 or up
How is the National Average calculated?
Besides the child's own learning progress, the Parent app also presents national average data of topics and skills for parents to benchmark against peers. 
 m-faq-na.jpg 

The National Average data is calculated as the average number of the last cohort. For example, the National Average of P1 Whole Numbers topic skill mastery is the total skill mastery of all P1 students from previous year divided by number of students. 
Technical:
Device/Technical requirements to use KooBits
If your child has a KooBits subscription plan (school/individual), he/she can login at member.koobits.com via web browser on a computer or tablet. In this way, your child will have the full KooBits experience.
Example of full KooBits experience (using web browser in desktop/laptop/tablet):
 Math_-01.png 

 school_dashboard.jpg 

If a user login to KooBits using a mobile phone for the first time, he/she will be prompted to select between a mobile-lite version and full version. 
Mobile-lite version:
   * Focus on practice features (such as Daily Challenge, Peer Challenge, Assignment and Mission)
   * Designed for mobile phone
Full version:
   * Full access to all content and activities
   * Best experienced in a desktop/laptop/tablet
Users can click on the toggle button near the bottom right corner to switch between mobile-lite & full versions any time. 
 Toggle_between_mobile_lite_and_full_version.jpg 

Please note that only portrait mode is supported for the Mobile-lite version (not landscape). This mobile experience is for children who want to do the KooBits challenges and/or finish their assignments on-the-go. Children without a desktop/laptop/tablet can also use a mobile phone to access these features.
Example of KooBits experience (using web browser in mobile phone):
 mobile-premium.jpg 

 mobile-sch.jpg 

 
The following minimum browser version(s) is required:
   * Microsoft Edge v14
   * Google Chrome v42
   * Apple Safari v10 (Only available on Apple devices) 
   * Mozilla Firefox v39
   * Opera v29
Basic Troubleshooting
In case you experience issues on your account, please try doing the basic troubleshooting steps below before logging in:
1. Log out from the browser.
2. Delete/Remove browsing history, cache, and cookie. Please refer here for guides on clearing cache in different browsers/devices.
3. Check if your browser is up-to-date. Click here for details of required minimum web browser versions.
4. Open the Incognito Mode of Chrome (or use shortcut keys Ctrl+Shift+N)
5. Log in again at member.koobits.com.
 
If the same issue continues after following the above suggestion, please contact our Support team here and send us the following details so we can help resolve the issue soon:
1. User's KooBits Login ID
2. Screenshot or screen recording showing browser's console log. Click here to learn how to open console log details.
Reporting technical issue
If you have tried the basic troubleshooting steps, and still experience the technical issue, please take a screenshot of your browser's console information and send the feedback of the issue to support@koobits.com.
 
Guide in finding browser's console information:
Apple Safari:
1) Before you can access the developer console in Safari, you first need to enable the Developer Menu. To do that, go into Safari's preferences (Safari Menu > Preferences) and select the Advanced Tab.
2) Once that menu is enabled, you will find the developer console by clicking on Develop > Show Javascript Console. You can also use the shortcut Option + ⌘ + C.
3) The console will either open up within your existing Safari window, or in a new window. It will automatically select the Console tab.
 
Google Chrome:
1) To open the developer console in Google Chrome, open the Chrome Menu in the upper-right-hand corner of the browser window and select More Tools > Developer Tools.
2) You can also use Option + ⌘ + J (on macOS), or Shift + CTRL + J (on Windows/Linux).
3) The console will either open up within your existing Chrome window, or in a new window. You may have to select the Console tab.
 
Mozilla Firefox:
1) To open the developer console in Firefox, click on the Firefox Menu in the upper-right-hand corner of the browser and select More Tools > Browser Console.
2) You can also use the shortcut Shift + ⌘ + J (on macOS) or Shift + CTRL + J (on Windows/Linux).
3) The Browser console will open in a new window.
 
Microsoft Edge:
1) To open the developer console in Microsoft Edge, open the Edge Menu in the upper-right-hand corner of the browser window and select More Tools > Developer Tools.
2) You can also press CTRL + Shift + i to open it.
3) The console will either open up within your existing Edge window, or in a new window. You may have to select the Console tab.
Clearing cache in different browsers or devices
Desktop/Mac:
Safari (Mac)
   1. Open Safari app.
   2. Click the Safari at the top left of your screen and select Preferences from the dropdown menu.
   3. Click the Advanced tab of the menu that pops up.
   4. Enable the Show Develop menu in the menu bar by clicking the checkbox and closing the Preferences menu.
   5. Click the Develop tab from the Safari menu at the top of the page.
   6. Click Empty Caches from the dropdown menu.
Chrome
   1. On your computer, open Chrome.
   2. Tap the three-dot icon, found at the top right, to open a dropdown menu.
   3. Click More tools and then Clear browsing data.
   4. At the top, choose a time range. To delete everything, select All time.
   5. Next to "Cookies and other site data" and "Cached images and files," check the boxes.
   6. Click Clear data.
Firefox
   1. Click the menu button and select Settings.
   2. Select the Privacy & Security panel.
   3. In the Cookies and Site Data section, click "Clear Data"
   4. Remove the checkmark in front of Cookies and Site Data.
   5. With Cached Web Content check marked, click the Clear button.
   6. Then close the about:preferences page.
 
iPad/IPhone:
Safari
   1. Open the Settings app on your ‌iPhone‌ or ‌iPad‌ and scroll down to Safari in the list.
   2. Scroll to the Privacy & Security section and tap the blue Clear History and Website Data option near the bottom of the menu. (this can be grayed out if already cleared)
   3. Confirm and tap Clear History and Data in the popup below.
or Other browsers
   1. Launch the Settings app on your ‌iPhone‌ or ‌iPad‌.
   2. Tap General then go to iPhone Storage.
   3. Look for the 3rd party browser name you want to clear the cache.
   4. Tap Offload App to unload the app but preserve any documents and data.
 
Android Mobile/Tablet:
Chrome
   1. Open the Chrome app on your device.
   2. Tap the three-dot icon, found at the top right, to open a dropdown menu.
   3. Tap History, then Clear browsing data.
   4. Select Cached images and files and cookies and site data.
   5. Tap the Clear data button to clear the cache.
or Other Browsers
   1. Go to the Settings menu on your device.
   2. Tap Storage.
   3. Tap Internal Storage under Device Storage.
   4. Look for the 3rd party browser name you are using.
   5. Tap Cached data.
   6. Tap the Confirm button or Clear cache button.
Teachers Guide:
Tutorials and Walkthroughs
Introduction to Student Portal for school plan users
Kindly click on the video below to learn how you can help your students make the most out of the features available on our Student Portal by first understanding its key uses and applications :) https://youtu.be/toSLoOT5e2s
   * Two reward systems: Challenge Points (CPs) & Koko credits
   * Daily Challenge: Four Options / Lifelines available - Show Answer / Next Question / Change Question / Try Again or Watch Video Tutorial
   * Peer Challenge: Accepting Challenges and Challenging peers
   * Leaderboards: Ranked based on students' CPs
   * Mission: Access skills based on topics across all levels
   * Learning assist tool bar: Add Working / Draw Model Tool / Four Operations Tool
Browse Content and create worksheets
Find out how to browse and navigate across the full range of exclusive content on the KooBits Teachers' Portal via the video walkthrough below! https://youtu.be/ciBYyV40HmU
   * Topics are arranged by levels, and clicking into each topic will show you all the skills for the particular topic.
   * Click onto a skill to see all the list of questions available for a particular skill.
   * At the bottom of each question set, you will see Change Value stated there.
   * Click on Change Value to change the variables in the question.
   * Once you are done selecting the variation of the question you want, you can then click on Select and the question will go into your shopping cart.
   * You are able to select questions across different skill levels and topics.
Steps in assigning a worksheet
The video below will walk you through the key steps required to successfully assign your worksheet - ie. reviewing selected questions, choosing assignment type, finalizing assignment settings.
https://youtu.be/80mFus1Y1Fs
   * After you have selected the list of questions from Browse Content, proceed to Create & Assign.
   * The questions you have selected and added to cart will appear here. Once you are ready, click on Next.
   * After clicking Next, you will be prompted to title the worksheet.
   * KooBits provides 3 types of worksheets: Homework, Mock Test, and Test/assessment. Select the worksheet type that will be best suited for the students based on the options available in each worksheet type.
   * Thereafter, you can select the classes / students you intend to assign this homework set to.
Track Assignment for teachers
The video below will walk you through how the Track Assignment feature can be used to discover key learning indicators by enabling a clear and concise means of Error Analysis. https://youtu.be/bNox-OtoK8U
   * In the Track Assignment tab, you will see all the assignments that you have created and assigned to students.
   * Click on Open to view the breakdown and performance statistics of the students who have completed the homework.
   * The pie chart above each question allows you to easily interpret how well the students did overall.
   * Click on the pie chart to see a detailed error analysis. For instance, how many students answered the question correctly / wrongly, what answers the students gave etc.
Reports for teachers
The video below will walk you through how both reports in the Report segment - Proficiency & High Score - can cohesively be used to get a comprehensive zoomed-in view into the key performance indicators for each child; even down to their individual learning interests. https://youtu.be/VAuyQzxSykk
   * There are two types of class reports available: Proficiency Report and High Score Report.
   * In each report, you can see how well the students from each specific class have performed.
   * Change the class you wish to view via the "Class/Group from" dropdown box.
   * “Report Level From” will display information if the students attempt questions that are of different grades (other than the grade that they are at). Eg. When a P1 student attempts P2 questions, information will be displayed if “P2” was selected in the “Report Level From” dropdown.
   * Teachers will most likely view the report based on class/group instead as it will show how well students perform for the questions based on their actual grade.
   * Proficiency report allows you to easily gather how much work each student is putting in, and to pinpoint the particular problem the student may need more help with.
   * On the other hand, the high score report allows you to easily see how many A stars each student from a class has earned.
   * Similarly, you can click into each student's name to see a breakdown of the topics the student has achieved the A stars from.
The subsequent video - shown below - will also highlight the key differences between the Proficiency Report and the High-Score report, so as to help users better understand the unique-yet-complementing uses of both reports in tandem. https://youtu.be/fL4T1f2iPgc
   * High Score Report is a snapshot of the highest achieved grade (A-Star) targeted at student motivation.
   * Proficiency Report is a form of cumulative real-time scoring system, whereby data is derived from multiple sources (Daily Challenge, Mission, Homework, Tests/Assessments). As such, it gives us the ability to track knowledge decay and ensure knowledge retention across the different skills.
Accessing KooBits Teaching Videos
The video below will show you where you can access the entire video library of KooBits teaching / tutorial videos.
https://youtu.be/IKKBpdJ3qzQ


How to use Interactive Virtual Manipulatives (IVM)
Please see the video below on how to use the Interactive Virtual Manipulatives (IVM):https://youtu.be/_Hu_UCRzX5g
Teacher Assignments:
Homework Assignment Deadline
For Topical Homework, teachers can choose start and end dates for any assignment.
 Screenshot_2021-04-21_at_2.47.22_AM.png 

When assigning homework, click Start/End section and choose the assignment period* on the calendar. 
* Students can still attempt and submit after the end date. Teachers may check each assignment's leaderboard to see if it's submitted before the end date. 
 
How To Check Other Teachers Homework Assignment
Teachers can check homework assignments of other teachers from the same school.
 assigned_by_others.JPG 

Click on Track Assignment from the top menu, then click on Assigned by others from the left navigation bar. From there you can select other teacher's names from the dropdown list to browse assignments created by them.
You can Open each assignment to track a student's performance, but Edit or Delete is not allowed. 
 Track_Assignment.JPG 

Student Management:
Brain Games Settings for Students
Teachers can determine whether a student can access Brain Games by selecting "Manage Class" on the top > select Class > select student(s) to tick or untick access to Brain Games.
Check Student's Login ID
Teachers can check any student account's login ID in the school. 
After logging in to your teacher account at teacher.koobits.com, click 'Manage Class' on the top menu navigation > then select 'Manage Class' on the left sidebar menu. 
 mceclip0.png 

Option 1:
Click on the class name, find the student's name in the list of all students in the class, and see the login ID under the Login ID column.
 mceclip2.png 
Option 2: 
You may also search for the student's name or login ID. Just type in the student's name on the search box, then look for the student's name in the results.
 mceclip1.png 

Reset Password for Students
Teachers can reset any student account's password through their KooBits teacher account. 

After logging in to your teacher account on teacher.koobits.com, click 'Manage Class' on the top bar navigation > then select 'Manage Class' from the left sidebar menu.

Option 1: 
Click on the class name and find the student's name in the list of all students in the class. 
 mceclip0.png 

To reset the student's password, click on 'Reset' under the Password column. 
Please note that, by clicking the RESET link, the password will be reset to exactly the same as the login ID, as shown on the page.

Option 2: 
You may also search for the student's name or login ID. Just type in the student's name/KooBits login ID on the search box, look for the student's name in the results > then click the Reset link. 
 mceclip1.png 

For the student's login ID, you may refer to Check Student's Login ID. 
How to Create Parallel Groups?
Any teacher can create their own teaching groups alongside the standard or banded classes.

1. After logging in to your teacher's account at teacher.koobits.com, click Manage Class from the top bar menu > select My Groups from the left sidebar menu > then click Create New Group.
 mceclip0.png 

2. Now, enter a unique Group Name > choose the class from the drop-down list on the left side > then select the student/s* through the checkboxes next to the student name.
 mceclip1.png 

________________


* The grade level of the group will be determined by the grade level of the last student added to the group before the group is created. 
Any further editing of the group after initial group creation will not affect its grade level. 
________________


3. You can also Edit groups you created or Delete any group if you have admin rights**.
 mceclip2.png 

** Please contact us if you need admin rights to manage groups in your school. 
Teacher's Demo Student Account
Each teacher has one demo student account to preview how it looks from a student's perspective. 
After logging in to the teacher's account, click the profile photo found at the upper right corner > select 'Switch to student account' to enter your demo student account. 
 mceclip1.png 

To assign homework to your own demo student account, look for the class named '1-TrStu' which is the class your demo student account belongs to. You need to switch to the demo student account at least once before assigning any homework to it. 
 mceclip2.png 

In your demo student account, you can always click the Switch to Teacher button at the bottom left to return to your teacher account. 
 tr-switch2.png 

Koobits Math:
About Maths:
How do I cancel the free 7-day trial?
If you do not wish to continue subscription after free trial, please remember to cancel the trial within 7 days by logging into the parent's account. If not, when trial ends, you will be charged the corresponding subscription fee based on agreed terms during registration. Please refer to our refund policy to understand more.
Steps on how to cancel the 7-day trial:
1. Log in to your parent account at member.koobits.com and enter your parent account login ID & password. You can refer to the welcome email that KooBits sent to you after you have signed up for the free trial. (The parent account login ID is your registered email with KooBits. If you do not remember the password, you can click on "Forgot your Parent Account password" at the bottom right corner of the login page - member.koobits.com.)
 mceclip0.png 



2. On the parent's dashboard, select Settings to see your current subscription, 7-day trial end date, and date when yearly billing for the Standard plan will start.
 mceclip0.png 
3. To cancel your 7-day free trial, click Cancel then select Yes, cancel my subscription.
 mceclip1.png 
4. Share with us the reason for canceling the trial. Select the cancellation reason from the drop-down list, or select Others to enter more details.
 mceclip2.png 

 mceclip3.png 

5. The cancellation will reflect on the parent dashboard once completed.
 mceclip4.png 
 
Need further assistance? You can contact our support team.
KooBits Maths Premium Plan Introduction
KooBits Maths Premium Plan includes a plethora of highly-interactive and innovative learning modules that will enable every young learner to not just understand the key concepts and vital fundamentals a whole lot better, but also to fully enjoy the entire process from start to finish!
For details about KooBits Maths, you can refer to here. If you would like to try our Maths Premium Plan first before deciding to purchase, you can sign up for a 7-day free trial.
For details about the different plans, you can refer to our pricing page.
Why do I need to provide credit card/PayPal info during trial registration?
We require credit card/PayPal information to verify our users and to keep our community of students safe.
But don't worry as you won't be charged during the free 7-day trial period and you may cancel anytime before your trial period ends.
If the trial account is not canceled within the 7 day trial period, the account will be automatically converted to our annual subscription and you will be billed based on the annual Premium plan pricing as stated in the trial terms.
To cancel the trial, you can login at member.koobits.com with the parent account (can be found in welcome email). Please see the guide on how to cancel the free 7-day trial.


My child has an existing Maths School Plan subscription. Can I still sign up for the Maths Premium trial?
Yes, you can! You can click on the dropdown (located on the top left hand corner) after you have logged in to the student account (under school plan). Select "Maths - Try" and then confirm switch to "Premium". Click on "Try Now" and follow the steps to register for a free 7-day trial.
  

All sales are final and are non-refundable. Please refer to our refund policy to understand more.
What happens after the 7-day Maths trial period? Will I be charged?
If you do not cancel the trial account within the 7 day Math trial period, the account will be automatically converted to our annual subscription and you will be billed based on the annual premium plan pricing.

To discontinue trial, please cancel your trial subscription before the 7 days are up. Simply log on to member.koobits.com with the parent account (can be found in confirmation email), click on Settings > Bill & Subscription > Cancel.

All sales are final and are non-refundable. Please refer to our refund policy (t.ly/OX6n) to understand more.
Daily Challenge:
What is the Daily Challenge for Maths?
Daily Challenge is a feature to engage children and develop a good habit in them to practice and solve at least 10 questions a day.
There will be 10 new questions in the Daily Challenge each day, aligned with the syllabus assigned to your plan and based on the difficulty level. Your child can answer each question more than once and he/she will earn challenge points (CPs) for correct answers.
* Opening Hours: 6am - 10pm (GMT+8), Mon to Sat
 
Note:
At the start of the academic year, Daily Challenge questions will be based on the previous year's grade level for the first 30 days. Questions will be taken from the current year's grade level afterward.
   * What is the Daily Challenge Difficulty Level?
As a start, a new user's difficulty level in Daily Challenge is Elementary Challenge. It will automatically move up to the next level once the child completes a certain number of questions correctly. 
Your child can also choose a different difficulty level and this difficulty level option will be restricted according to the levels achieved. In different levels, your child can earn different KoKo Credits (KKC) after completing the questions. 
Please note that your child cannot change the difficulty level once any question is attempted in the Daily Challenge. Your child can only attempt questions in another difficulty level the next day.


How many points can be earned in a Daily Challenge?
The challenge points (CPs) you can earn in daily challenges vary from question to question.
   * Challenge 1 - 5: 1 CP each
   * Challenge 6 - 8: 2 CPs each
   * Challenge 9 - 10: 3 CPs each
Change curriculum in Daily Challenge
   1. Login to your child's account at member.koobits.com. 
   2. Click the drop-down button at the top right hand corner.
   3. Select Settings. 
   4. On the Settings page, click Change under Curriculum (Math). 
   5. Select the curriculum then click Confirm.
Note:
This option is available to children with a Math Premium plan. Not applicable to children with school plans only as the curriculum is determined by the school teachers.

For Hong Kong Premium Math plan users, you can change between the three options: 香港數學課程 - 版本2.0, Hong Kong Primary Math Curriculum (aligned with EDB), and KooBits International Curriculum. By selecting 香港數學課程 - 版本2.0, Daily Challenge questions will be shown in Traditional Chinese (Cantonese). The KooBits International Curriculum covers the Singapore Primary Math Curriculum.
Peer Challenge:
How many points can I earn in Peer Challenge?
The challenge points (CPs) you can earn in peer challenge depend on your performance in the final results. Please refer to the table below. 
Result / 
Number of Correct Answers
	 5
	 4
	 3
	 2
	 1
	 0
	 Win
	 3 CPs 
	 3 CPs 
	 2 CPs 
	 1 CP 
	 1 CP 
	 
	 Draw
	 3 CPs 
	 2 CPs
	 1 CP
	 1 CP
	 1 CP
	 0 
	 Lose
	 
	 1 CP
	 1 CP
	 0
	 0
	 0
	What is Peer Challenge?
Peer Challenge comprises 5 questions in each challenge based on your curriculum and level. The recipient of the challenge will also get 5 questions based on their curriculum and level to ensure fairness. Each day, you can receive or send up to 3 challenges. You can earn up to 3 Challenge Points (CPs) from each challenge sent, based on your result against your opponent's result.
You can select either one of the following options to start your peer challenge.
   * send a challenge to a friend from your school
   * send a challenge to a friend (either from your BFF list or search for your friend using BFF code or Login ID)
   * start a challenge with a random KooBits user
   * accept a sent challenge from a friend
 mceclip0.png 

   * If you choose to send a challenge to a friend, you will see the ‘pending’ page once you complete your own 5 questions. This means that your challenge request has been successfully sent. Earning of CPs will only happen after the recipient of the challenge accepts or rejects the challenge. 
   * If the recipient of the challenge accepts the challenge and answers the questions, the sender of the challenge will earn his/her CPs based on the result. Achievement time will be based on the time the recipient accepted the challenge.
   * If the recipient of the challenge rejects the challenge, the sender will earn his/her CPs based on his/her own result. Achievement time will be based on the time the recipient rejected the challenge.
   * Recipients of the challenge will have up to 3 days to respond. If not, the pending challenge will expire.
   * If you challenge a random challenger, the result and earning of CPs will be immediate.
Important notes: 
   * All pending peer challenges will expire in 3 days, unless it is within the last 3 days of a Top Brain Maths season/term*. Achievement time for expired challenges under Top Brain Maths will be reflected as 22:00 (the closing time of the last day). 
________________


* Under Top Brain Maths season/term, all pending peer challenges will expire by the last day of each season/term, or the day before a new term starts^
You'll earn points according to correct answers upon expiration. 
^ For Singapore schools only. 
Send or accept Peer Challenge
Each user can send or accept up to 3 peer challenges per day.
Opening Hours: 6am to 10pm daily
You may select either of the following:
   * My Classmate, or 
   * My Friend, or 
   * Random Challenger
 mceclip0.png 


Then click Start the Challenge, complete all the questions, and click the Submit button to finish.
Note: Please make sure you do not leave any question(s) unanswered. You will not be able to change your answers after submission.
 mceclip5.png 

 
Alternatively, you may also select Incoming to accept peer challenges from friends. 
 mceclip1.png 

Click Accept to start the challenge, complete the questions, and submit.
Or, you can Reject a challenge before it expires and it will not forfeit one of your 3 daily chances. The opponent will earn the points based on correct answers. 
 mceclip8.png 

Once both sides have accepted and answered, the final result will be shown in History and you will see who wins and how many points earned. 
What is Challenge History in Peer Challenge?
Challenge History in Peer Challenge is where you can see all your challenges (sent and received up to the past 90 days) with results of how many challenge points earned for each challenge.
CPs earned may not be on the same day as peer challenge sent.
Peer Challenge Expiry
A pending peer challenge expires in 3 days from the day the Challenges are sent, unless it's within the last 3 days of a season or term*. 
You'll earn points according to correct answers upon expiration. Your earned points will be added as at 6am of the expiry date. 
* All pending peer challenges will expire by the last day each season, or the last day of each term, or the day before a new term starts, regardless of the original challenge date. You can check details of those dates here. 
Change curriculum in Peer Challenge
   1. Login to your child's account at member.koobits.com.
   2. Click the drop-down button at the top right hand corner.
   3. Select Settings.
   4. On the Settings page, click Change under Curriculum (Math).
   5. Select the curriculum then click Confirm.
Note: This option is available to children with a Math Premium plan. Not applicable to children with school plans only as the curriculum is determined by the school teachers.
Mission:
Mission (Maths)
In our Mission feature, your child can practice all skills relevant to every topic within your child's curriculum. After completing questions in each skill, your child can unlock KoKo credits which can be used to gain access to fun and exciting activities such as KooClass, Brain Games and StoryMath - for your child's enjoyment!
The questions in our Mission curriculum are sorted into 4 difficulty levels indicated by the number of chillies  present in each topic. 
The difficulty levels are defined by the following: 
   * Level 1 and 2 consist of fundamental concepts.
   * Level 3 consists of worksheet level concepts.
   * Level 4 consists of test level concepts.
   * Level 5 consists of essential Heuristic Approaches. 
The more challenging concepts in our Mission are referred to as the high ability questions while the most challenging questions (Level 5) are referred to as the Higher Order Thinking Skills (HOTS).
Maths HOTS curriculum in Mission
HOTS means Higher Order Thinking Skills. HOTS in Maths are the ability to reason, evaluate and synthesize to solve a problem.
These different heuristics are sorted by recommended age groups and will train the child problem-solving, reasoning skills and thinking strategies. Tutorial videos are included as well to help students understand better. It is aligned with Singapore MOE curriculum and is available for Premium Plan Maths users.
Access To Practice Questions in Any Grade Level
Under the Mission module, you can access any grade level's topics, skills, and practice questions. 
You can do so by switching levels from the top left dropdown list. All skills in a topic are sorted by difficulty level from easy to hard by default. 
Sunday Mini Challenge:
Every Sunday, there will be 10 standardized questions accessible from 6am to 10pm.
On the Challenge main page, navigate to Sunday Mini Challenge box, click Start to answer all questions and Submit.
________________


There are certain Sundays with NO Mini Challenges for Singapore, which are:
   * 1st Jan 2023 (before Term 1)
   * 19th March 2023 (before Term 2)
   * 25th June 2023 (before Term 3)
   * 10th September 2023 (before Term 4)
For users in Indonesia and Philippines, please note that there will be no Mini Challenges on the last Sunday of each season.
How many points can I earn in Sunday Mini Challenge?
You will earn 2 challenge points (CPs) for every correct answer and the results will be given the following Monday.
You must claim your points before Friday 10pm. Otherwise, the points will expire and cannot be redeemed. 
When you claim points on any day from Monday to Friday, the points will be added on that day.
How to claim Sunday Mini Challenge points?
1. Login to member.koobits.com and enter child ID and password.
2. Click on "Sunday Mini" button under KooChallenge (for Standard/Premium Plan users) or click on "Events" button (for School Plan users)
3. Click View Details.
4. Click Claim my CPs button.


 Sunday_Mini_Challenge_Claim_CPs_button.jpg 

5. You'll see a pop-up notification to confirm. Click Yes.
 mceclip1.png 

6. A confirmation page will be shown once you have successfully claimed your CPs. 
 Sunday_Mini_Challenge_Claimed_CPs.jpg 


Note: You must claim your Sunday Mini Challenge points before Friday 10pm. Otherwise, the points will expire and cannot be redeemed.
KooClass Maths:
What is KooClass Maths?
KooClass is available to Math Premium users and can also be accessed anytime, anywhere, on-demand, on your schedule.

KooClass Maths is a series of interactive virtual classes to help kids, aged 6-12 years, learn about real-world applications of math topics taught in school.

With KooClass Maths, kids can relate Math to their every-day life, and see examples of how to apply it to the world around them.

• Learn about time by creating a birthday party invite
• Learn about fractions by planning & shopping for a picnic with friends
• Learn about mass by measuring ingredients to bake a cake.
• Learn about lines and shapes by exploring famous monuments around the world.
• Learn about symmetry by designing a quilt
How long is the duration for each KooClass Maths?
Each KooClass Maths is about 40 mins long, and covers a portion of a math topic (e.g. Fractions, Time etc). In each class, kids watch an educational / documentary-style video, get hands-on practice with an interactive segment (questions, assignments or activities for kids to do) and unlock achievements after completing the class.
How many classes are there in KooClass Maths?
In total, we have 100+ classes, with over 90 hours of educational lessons for kids to be meaningfully engaged with. 
How can I get KooClass Maths?
KooClass is available for Premium Plan users and can be found on the student portal (member.koobits.com). If you are a School Plan subscriber, you may wish to upgrade to Premium to access KooClass. Simply visit our pricing page (www.koobits.com/plans).
How are KooClass Maths classes taught?
Classes are arranged by topics, and each topic has 5-6 classes. The topics are agnostic of a child's current school grade level, which means that if they get interested in a particular topic, they could end up doing all the classes in that topic, and even learn more than what’s required for school.

KooClass is taught by friendly and lovable characters - a fresh way to learn compared to teacher-led zoom classes.

The classes also serve to help kids open their minds to absorb more information, and in this way they retain more knowledge than even in the classroom. 70% retention of knowledge, compared to just 30% in the classroom.
Which levels are KooClass Maths suitable for?
KooClass Maths is suitable for children from ages 6-12, covering all primary levels. You can find the recommended age-ranges for each lesson on the thumbnails as shown in the image below.
 
 image.png 

 
Please note that the age-ranges are only a recommendation. The goal of KooClass is to enrich kids' learning beyond the standard school curriculum and foster a genuine interest in learning. Hence, we encourage kids to pick and learn from whichever KooClass sounds most interesting to them.
I realise I earned scrolls after attempting questions in KooClass Maths. What are the scrolls for?
The scrolls are like credits. They represent mastery and they can be used when we launch more cool features in the future. Do stay tuned!
KooQuiz:
What is KooQuiz?
KooQuiz consists of a comprehensive library of revision papers and top school year-end papers in two subjects (Maths or Science), depending on which subject plan the child is in. This feature is exclusive to Premium Plan users only.
KooQuiz Maths (P1 to P6 level):
   * Essential Skills papers
   * Top School Year-End papers
   * HOTS (Higher Order Thinking Skills) papers
KooQuiz Science (P3 to P6 level):
   * Top School Year-End papers
   * Open-ended questions
There is no limit on how many papers the child can attempt. A child can only earn rewards in the form of Koko Credits once per week. Once the weekly reward has been claimed, the child can still attempt other papers but would not be able to claim any more credits until the following week.
Learn more about KooQuiz at https://www.koobits.com/kooquiz. 
How can I get KooQuiz?
KooQuiz is exclusively available to Premium plan users.
School users may upgrade to the Premium plan through https://www.koobits.com/plans by clicking on Upgrade School to Premium Today.
For more information about KooQuiz, please visit https://www.koobits.com/kooquiz.
How many papers are there in KooQuiz?
KooQuiz Science Top School papers: 100+ papers
KooQuiz Math Revision papers: 150+ papers
KooQuiz Math Top School papers: 100+ papers
For more information about KooQuiz, please visit https://www.koobits.com/kooquiz.
What are HOTS papers?
HOTS means Higher Order Thinking Skills. HOTS in Maths are the ability to reason, evaluate and synthesise to solve a problem. These papers have different heuristics to choose from and will train the child problem-solving, reasoning skills and thinking strategies. These skills are part of the Singapore MOE curriculum and are available for Premium Plan Maths users.
The child can practice online directly or print out the papers in hardcopy and in actual exam format.
For online papers, if not sure how to answer a specific question, the child can type in the question ID in the button at the bottom right corner of the webpage and a tutorial video will appear specifically for that question.
For printed papers, there will be KooBits QR codes in the questions. If they are not sure how to answer a question, parents can use the KooScan feature in the parent app to scan the QR code on the paper and a tutorial video will appear. You can refer here to understand more on KooScan.
Download the KooBits Parent App today
If you haven't downloaded the KooBits Parent App yet, please search 'KooBits Parent' on the App Store or Google Play and start tracking your child's progress anytime, reset your child's password, etc.
What is the function of the button at the bottom right hand corner under HOTS papers?
Your child can get help on KooBits platform if he/she does not know the solution for a specific question in a HOTS paper. Your child can enter the question ID in this button and watch a tutorial video specifically for that question.
What rewards can I earn in KooQuiz?
   * Users can earn Koko Credits by doing the papers. The amount of rewards earned depends on the type of paper attempted and the number of correct answers submitted for the paper.

   * Users can only earn rewards once a week, and once per paper.

   * User will get a “KoKo Gift Bag” when he/she completes a Maths Revision Paper, which contains a maximum of 5 KoKo Credits per bag, depending on scores.


   * User will get a “KoKo Gift Box” when he/she completes a Maths / Science Top School Paper, which contains a maximum of 20 KoKo Credits.


   * There will be 1 new KoKo Gift Bag and 1 new Gift Box per week per user.
Both Gift Bag and Box are issued on Sunday at 6 am, and they will expire next Saturday at 10p
Where to find the solution in KooQuiz?
KooQuiz includes revision and exam papers, so similar to how Assignment works, you may view the solution once you've completed and submitted the KooQuiz paper.
You may use the Check Answer button to see if your answer to the question is correct.
Once you complete all the questions, you may click the Finish button to submit the paper.
After submitting the KooQuiz paper, you may open the paper and click the 'Show Solution' option to check on the provided solution and answer.
Assignments:
Who can assign me Homework?
Teacher Homework: Your teacher may assign homework to you from time to time; 
Parents Homework (for individual plan users): Your parent can create homework/personalized assignments for you via the learning portal
Check Assignments from Teacher
Check for assignments from the Teacher by clicking on the 'Assignment' tab.
 
 Screenshot_2021-04-21_at_2.59.01_AM.png 

Thereafter, from the Assigned by dropdown box, select Teacher. You will be able to view all the assignments from the Teacher.
How do I create a Parents Assignment?
If your child has an individual learning plan (Standard/Premium), you will be able to create personalized assignments for him/her directly from our web learning portal.
Steps to begin creating your personalised assignment:
Go to KooTraining > Assignment > Create Personalized Assignment
 image.png 

Next, choose Syllabus, Level, Topic and Skill to create new assignments.
 Personalized_Assignment.JPG 

Add Homework Title and Deadline then click Assign Now. 
How to check homework scores?
After you have assigned homework to your child and your child has completed it, you can view the homework score by clicking on KooTraining > Assignment > My Assignment.
 Assignment_page.jpg 

Select the homework that you want to view and click on the "View" button to see the total scores and the questions that your child has answered correctly or incorrectly (if the score is not 100%). 
 view_homework.jpg 

How to earn credits from Assignment?
If you complete your assignment with perfect score (100%), you will earn 5 KoKo Credits*.
Eligible assignment:
- Teacher Homework, or
- Parent Homework
Can I skip a question in the assignment and finish later?
Yes. You can always skip a question by clicking on Next Question. Alternatively, you can choose from the question list on the left panel.  
Lastly, you can also save your homework anytime and come back later to finish it. 
Reports:
High Score and Proficiency Report
As a parent, you may log in to your child's account and click 'Report' from top the navigation bar. Alternatively, you may also visit this link for direct access to the 'Report' feature: https://student.koobits.com/report/proficiency.
 Screenshot_2021-04-20_at_5.52.31_PM.png 

Once you have access to the 'Report' feature, you will be able to see 2 separate tabs for 'Proficiency Report' and 'High Score Report'. 
 Screenshot_2022-04-20_at_9.49.11_AM.png 

With the initial learning of a new skill, we would encourage parents to utilize the High Score Report as it would be more than sufficient to track the progress of your child while the Proficiency Report would be more beneficial for a longer-term analysis as it shows the child's improvement or knowledge decay for each skill over a period of time. 

High Score Report
Our star system primarily focuses on a different criterion when it comes to rewarding learners based on their performance in Self-Practice tasks. Our High Score Report analyzes data from the feature 'Mission' and it is currently updated in real-time. Learners are awarded stars based on how they fare within the sets of 10 questions. 
A child can get A-Star by answering 5 consecutive questions correctly for skills that they have never attempted before.
 high_score_report.JPG 

Proficiency Report
In this report, you can view all skill's mastery status and proficiency in detail, coded by color based on the proficiency indicators.
      * Gold - Mastery 80% - 100%
      * Green - Competent 60% - 79%
      * Pink - Beginning 0-59%
      * Gray - Incomplete Question < 10
Proficiency Report analyzes data from several features such as Challenges, Mission, Assignment and KooQuiz. The report is updated once daily hence we suggest parents read the proficiency report on the following day.
Our Proficiency Report also requires at least 10 questions answered per skill before lighting up. 
 Proficiency_Report.JPG 

Leaderboards:
Top Brain (Maths)
 hc-tb1.png 

For Singapore (School Plan Users)
Top Brain counts cumulative challenge points earned by a student from the beginning of a term to the last day of a term. Please refer to the Termly Top Brain Leaderboard. 
      * 2023 Termly Scoring Period: 
Term 1: Week 1-8: 3 Jan to 24 Feb 2023
Term 2: Week 1-8: 20 Mar to 12 May 2023
Term 3: Week 1-8: 26 June to 18 Aug 2023
Term 4: Week 1-7: 11 Sep to 27 Oct 2023

      * If two students have the same challenge points, the one who achieved earlier will be higher.
      * Top Brain requires stamina and consistency to achieve.
      * Click here to understand the rules regarding Peer Challenge and when corresponding challenge points will be awarded to the user's account.
Singapore school prizes, please refer to School Prizes.
 
For Singapore (Individual Plan Users - Premium/Standard)
KooBits Awards: please refer to https://www.koobits.com/awards/topbrain/.
 
________________


Overseas

Top Brain counts cumulative challenge points earned by a student from the beginning of a quarter to the last day of the quarter. Please refer to the Classic Top Brain leaderboard.
         * There are 4 quarters in a year: 
Quarter 1: 1st January to 31st Mar
Quarter 2: 1st April to 30th June
Quarter 3: 1st July to 30th September
Quarter 4: 1st October to 31st December

         * If two students have the same challenge points, the one who achieved earlier will be in a higher position.
About KooBits Leaderboards
You can use your Challenge Points (CPs) to join various activities, and be on different leaderboards.
 leaderboard.JPG 

________________


KooBits Leaderboard Privacy Terms
IMPORTANT NOTICE – PLEASE READ CAREFULLY
By earning any Challenge Point(s) from KooBits Challenges, you agree to KooBits Leaderboard Privacy Terms that some of your information, such as name, class and/or school will be displayed on the leaderboard(s) if you or your class is in the top 50.
You could opt out of any leaderboard at any time, by contacting your school teacher or asking your parents to email us at support@koobits.com directly.
Champion Class
 hc-cc1.png 

Champion Class (CC) is a monthly activity.
Each month, any class can have different titles of Champion Class as Achievements. 
            * CC counts the CPs earned by the top 20 students from a class in a particular month.
            * If two classes have the same CPs, the one that achieved earlier will be higher.
Here're required CPs for different titles of Champion Class. 
 hc-cc2.png 

________________


 Singapore primary schools 

Regarding Termly Champion Class Leaderboard for Singapore school users, please refer to School Prizes.
Hero of the Day Leaderboard
 hero_of_the_day_ldrboard.JPG 
 
Hero of the Day (HOD) is a daily activity.
            * HOD counts cumulative points earned by a student within a single day for the leaderboard.
            * If two students have the same points, the one that achieved earlier will be in higher rank.
            * The student with the most points among all schools within a country will enter the Hall of Fame. 
Best Friends Forever Leaderboard
 best_friend_forever.JPG 

Best Friends Forever (BFF) leaderboard ranks the total number of CPs (Challenge Point) earned by various BFF groups weekly.
Each week, the BFF group with the most CPs will be the best BFF group of the week.
            * You can add up to 30 friends into your BFF list. Learn how to add friends as your BFF here.
            * Your group will be named as “[Your Name] & friends”
            * The weekly CPs earned by you and your friends in your BFF list will be added together as your group’s overall CPs.
Adding friends using BFF codes
Every user has a unique BFF code and this code is displayed at the top right corner of the Best Friends Forever page after clicking on the "Friends" button.
You can add your friends as BFF to challenge each other in the Peer Challenge feature or participate in the Best Friends Forever leaderboard. Once you know your friend’s BFF code, you can add him/her by clicking on the "Add Friends" button in the Best Friends Forever page and the following image will appear.
 Add_New_Friend.JPG 

Your friend will need to accept your request to add him/her as BFF. 
You can also share your BFF code with those you know that are using KooBits so that they can add you (such as your friends, classmates, siblings etc.). 
 bff-guide2.png 

 
Note: Users can only accept friends' invitation from Monday to Friday because on Saturday, we will need a finalized friend list for the week for points computation.
Superhero
Superhero is a weekly activity (from Mon to Sat). 
            * You can earn Super Points from Super Speed or Super Vision Challenge
            * To unlock the Superhero badge, a new user needs to get at least 200 Super Points in a week. Once the badge is unlocked, it will be permanent.
            * Note: This calculation of Super Points will reset every week
            * Based on the Super Points, all SuperHeroes are ranked on the Superhero Leaderboard.


 
What if my friend doesn’t have a KooBits account?
Invite your friends to sign up for KooBits as an individual user at koobits.com/plans if their schools don’t subscribe to KooBits.
Zodiac Race
The Zodiac Race is an annual activity.
Contest Period: 1st May to 31st May
            * You will be assigned to a different zodiac team based on your birthday.
            * The team with the highest CPs will win.


Boys vs Girls
 mceclip0.png 

Boys vs Girls (BVG) is an annual activity. There is no need to register separately; challenge points (CPs) are calculated and allocated to Boys or Girls' teams based on the gender of the child's account.

Contest Period: 1st June to 30th July
            * All the boys will form one team and challenge all the girls in another team
            * The team with highest CPs will win
            * Team's total score will be hidden during blackout period from 20th July 12 noon to 27th July 12 noon Singapore time. Scores will still be counted during the blackout period, so keep submitting. 
Prizes
            * 100 KoKo credits to 1st to 3rd place under the winning team.
            * 50 KoKo credits to 4th to 10th place winners under the winning team
            * Consolation prize: 30 KoKo credits to 1st to 10th place winners under the losing team


Wizard School
Wizard School is an annual activity.
Contest Period: 1st September to 30th September
            * Wizard School is an inter-school competition.
            * Only the top 250 pupils’ CPs will be added to form the school’s overall points.
            * The school with highest CPs will win the contest
            * Wizard School Award: KooBits Trophy for top 3 schools in Singapore.
Lion City
 challenge-header-image-lioncity.png 

Lion City is an annual activity.
Contest Period: 1st December to 31st December
            * Choose your team to join, and switching teams is not allowed after joining.
            * The team with the highest CPs will win.
Prizes:
            * 100 KoKo credits will be issued to 1st place winners under each team.
            * 50 KoKo credits will be issued to 2nd & 3rd place winners under each team.
Brain Games:
Brain Games Rules for Maths
There are six areas in Brain Games for Maths: Attention, Memory, Flexibility, Problem Solving, Speed and Adventure. Here are rules: 
1. For School plan users, this feature opens from 8am to 6pm daily. For Standard/Premium/Plus plan users, this feature opens from 8am to 8pm daily.
2.You can only play up to 25 minutes in a single day. 
- The play time starts counting once any game starts and is consumed while playing or after. 
3. Each game requires 1 KoKo Credit each day. 
- You can earn more KoKo credits from Assignment, Daily Bonus and Daily Challenge. 
StoryMath:
What is StoryMath?
StoryMath follows the adventures of Miko the Fox. These short and entertaining stories show that Maths can be applied in a fun and exciting way too. 
How to unlock StoryMath chapters?
You may access all StoryMath stories across all levels regardless of which default level you are currently on. This access is only applicable to users with Math Premium and Standard plans. 
For those under the Math School plan - users may access StoryMath stories in their current level and lower. 

Some stories may still be locked and would require you to use 20 KoKo Credits to unlock a new chapter.
What is KooBits Book Club?
KooBits Book Club is the community to check out those active readers of StoryMath. 
  

Click the KooBits Book Club button on top right corner of StoryMath main page. 
  

On the Book Club page, you can see most recent StoryMath readers as bubbles. You may click on any bubble to see the details of that reader. With the reader's BFF code, you can even add him or her into your BFF list. 
Challenge Points (CPs)
How to earn Challenge Points (CPs)?
KooBits platform is essentially driven by 2 main reward systems - Challenge Points (CPs) & KoKo Credits.
Challenge Points (CPs) are earned by completing a variety of unique and exciting challenges that you can find all across the KooBits platform.
 ac1794_1b32b89637234aa8b746f87e6537c93d_mv2.png 

            * Earn Challenge Points by completing Daily Challenge, Peer Challenge or Sunday Mini Challenge
            * Challenge Points accumulated will be used in the computation of your ranking in the various Leaderboards (Hero of the Day, Top Brain etc)
For a start, we recommend kickstarting your CP-earning journey with the KooBits Daily Challenge, an exciting and extremely popular segment where you get to put your wits and your skills to the test with a fresh set of 10 challenges to earn points from - made available each and every day.
Each challenge is of a varying difficulty level and earns you a different amount of CPs.
How to check my Challenge Points (CPs)?
To check Challenge Points (CPs), go to Dashboard and you'll see a bar on the right side. The total CPs are reflected accordingly.
 
* Please note that the number of CPs seen on Dashboard is total points earned in the current calendar year only, which starts from 1 January each year. 
Hero of the Day - Hero's Badge (Maths)
 dc-hero.JPG 

Hero of the Day (HOD) is a daily activity in which cumulative challenge points earned by a student within a single day will be counted towards the Hero of the Day leaderboard.
Each day the child needs to earn at least 15 CPs (3 CPs for Sunday) to be titled as HOD.
Anyone who becomes HOD will unlock a new sticker for the day as part of Hero’s Badge collection. 
            * If two students have the same points, the one that achieved the total CPs earlier will be ranked higher.
            * The student with the most points among all schools within a country will enter the Hall of Fame.
KoKo Credits
Introducing KoKo Credits
KoKo Credits is the virtual credit system in KooBits. It can be used to exchange for rewards, such as:
            * Unlocking latest StoryMath chapters
            * Unlocking past stickers in album
            * Unlocking any brain games
To see the total KoKo Credits, refer to the bar on the right side in the dashboard.
Where to earn KoKo Credits?
You can earn KoKo Credits from Daily Bonus, completing assignments, mission questions and KooQuiz.


How to earn more KoKo Credits?
Tip #1: Log in every day to claim your daily bonus
            * If you log in every day, your Daily Bonus will always be 3 KoKo Credits per day. It may not seem to be a lot, but if you accumulate the credits over time, you can see the effect.

For example: over the period of a month, if you claim your daily bonus every day, you’ll probably get 3 x 30 = 90 credits. However, if you do not log in every day, your daily bonus will periodically get reset back to 1 credit, so on average you may only get 40 to 50 credits over the period of a month.
            * Daily Bonus rewards consistency and discipline. Remember to log in every day.
________________


Tip #2: Work with your teachers/parents
               * The first tip may help you win some KoKo Credits, but to earn as many credits as possible, which can be reserved for future uses, you really need to work with teachers or parents.
               * Ask your teachers or parents to assign more bite-sized homework for you to earn credits.
               * Ensure you read the questions properly and double check your answers before submission. This is so that you can obtain a perfect score for your homework in order to earn KoKo Credits.
How to earn credits from Daily Bonus?
Click the Daily Bonus button at the right side of the dashboard during 6am to 10pm (GMT+8) daily. 
               * 1st day login - 1 KoKo Credits
               * 2nd day login - 2 KoKo Credits
               * 3rd day login (and subsequent consecutive login) - 3 KoKo Credits
               * If you fail to log in on consecutive days, it will be reset to 1 KoKo Credit
Bonus credit is NOT automatically assigned; you MUST click on the Daily Bonus button to claim the KoKo Credits. 
What is the difference between KoKo Credits and Challenge Points (CPs)?
Challenge Points are cumulative, where it is a reward system that affects the level of your ranking in leaderboards.
For example:
Any challenge points obtained are directly added to your overall points, and this affects your ranking position in various leaderboards e.g. Hero of the Day, Top Brain etc.
KoKo Credits are consumable, where it is a reward system that helps to improve your learning experience.
For example:
KoKo Credits earned can be spent on unlocking premium features, such as StoryMath chapters, which will help learning math through comics.
XP
What is XP?
XP (experience point) is a cumulative point system across the lifetime of a student/child account. Users can level up and unlock badges by earning more XP.
Note: There is no option to reset XP level.
How to earn more XP?
Users can earn more XP by getting correct answers in Daily Challenge questions:
               * Daily Challenge difficulty levels 1 star to 3 stars: 1 XP per correct answer
               * Daily Challenge difficulty level 4 stars: 2 XP per correct answer
Where can I see my XP & Level?
To view your earned XP and level, simply click on the XP icon found under the Profile Picture. 
 mceclip1.png 

Once you click on this icon, it will redirect you to the XP page where you can see your total XP earned and current level. 
What is the max XP I can earn in a day?
The maximum XP a user can earn in a day depends on the Daily Challenge difficulty level. 
Daily Challenge difficulty levels 1 star to 3 stars:
               * 1 XP per correct answer. If the user gets all 10 questions correctly, he will earn 10 XP.
Daily Challenge difficulty level 4 stars:
               * 2 XP per correct answer. If the user gets all 10 questions correctly, he will earn 20 XP.
Super Hero
What is a Super Hero Challenge?
Super Hero Challenge contains two types of challenges, Super Speed and Super Vision which allows users to earn Super Points, unlock Super Hero badge (for new users) and rank up on the Superhero Leaderboard. 
Both challenges are only accessible from 6am to 10pm daily. 
How to play Super Speed Challenge?
Answer as many questions correctly as possible within the given time of 2 minutes.
               * Available from Monday to Saturday
               * 1 Point will be added to the score for every correct answer
               * Every question will skip automatically after 10 seconds
               * No penalty for skipped questions
               * Game can be paused, but the pause only takes effect after the current question.
How to play Super Vision Challenge?
Observe the patterns and spot the differences between the left and right images.
               * Available from Monday to Saturday
               * 5 differences per challenge
               * Maximum 5 wrong attempts
               * 10 points per correct answer
               * Time limit: 5 minutes
Rewards
KooBits Prizes for Singapore Schools
 Singapore primary schools  2023 KooBits Prizes for Singapore Schools
We will be awarding more students starting in 2023 for their hard work, by extending our recognition in some categories to the top 3 students in each category (instead of the previous top 1), and also opening up new categories as well.
Please kindly note that these rewards mentioned only apply to partner schools in Singapore who have subscribed to KooBits in 2023, under our agreement with the schools. 
________________


★ Top Brain & Champion Class
Top Brain counts cumulative challenge points earned from the specific scoring period.
Note: Students need to have at least 40 CPs in a term in order to be eligible for this award.
 KooBits_Prize_Scheme_1_-_Top_Brain.jpg 

2023 Scoring Period & Prize Delivery Schedule
 Term 1
	 Scoring Period
	 Week 1-8: 3 Jan to 24 Feb 2023 
	 Medal Delivery
	 End of March (estimated)
	 E-Certificate Delivery 
	 Week of 27 Feb
	 Term 2
	 Scoring Period
	 Week 1-8: 20 Mar to 12 May 2023
	 Medal Delivery 
	 Week of 8 May
	 E-Certificate Delivery 
	 Week of 15 May
	 Term 3
	 Scoring Period
	 Week 1-8: 26 June to 18 Aug 2023
	 Medal Delivery 
	 Week of 14 Aug
	 E-Certificate Delivery 
	 Week of 21 Aug
	 Term 4
	 Scoring Period
	 Week 1-7: 11 Sep to 27 Oct 2023
	 Medal Delivery 
	 Week of 23 Oct
	 E-Certificate Delivery 
	 Week of 30 Oct
	 
________________


★ Most Improved
Most Improved counts cumulative challenge points earned from the specific scoring period. Awarding starts after the 2nd term, after we compare the students’ participation from the previous term.
 KooBits_Prize_Scheme_3_-_Most_Improved.jpg 

2023 Scoring Period & Prize Delivery Schedule     
 Term 1 
	 Scoring Period
	 Week 1-8: 3 Jan to 24 Feb 2023 
	 Term 2 
	 Scoring Period
	 Week 1-8: 20 Mar to 12 May 2023
	 E-Certificate Delivery
	 Week of 15 May
	 Term 3 
	 Scoring Period
	 Week 1-8: 26 June to 18 Aug 2023
	 E-Certificate Delivery 
	 Week of 21 Aug
	 Term 4 
	 Scoring Period
	 Week 1-7: 11 Sep to 27 Oct 2023
	 E-Certificate Delivery 
	 Week of 23 Oct
	

★ Wizard School
Wizard School is an annual inter-school competition. This competition counts cumulative challenge points earned during the challenge period.
Challenge Period: 1 Sep to 30 Sep
Prize Delivery: Mid October
 KooBits_Prize_Scheme_2_-_Wizard_School.jpg 

 
Notes:
- All physical prizes will be delivered to the school as scheduled each term. If any student doesn't receive his/her prize, please check with school teachers first.
- KooBits reserves the rights to replace the prizes with other options should there be unforeseen circumstances
KooBits Science
About Science
What is KooBits Science?
Our KooBits Science plan includes the following and is aligned with Singapore MOE’s science curriculum.
- 200+ Animated videos with explanations to enhance understanding of key concepts
- Robust question bank with over 10,000 questions & 120 top school exam papers
- Complete access to the full P3-P6 curriculum (for children to revise older topics, or to prepare for the following year’s syllabus). There are also questions available for P1-2 children to practice and prepare for Science in P3 onwards.
- Clarify common misconceptions through a series of fun-filled, bite-sized classes
- Access fun and engaging classes anytime, anywhere, without being limited by classroom time
- Includes all of the most-loved features from KooBits Math - plus new and exciting updates to Brain Games, StoryScience, rewards and encouragement!
You can watch the following short video to understand more about KooBits Science! If you are a new user, you can sign up for a free 7-day Science trial.
For further information on KooBits Science or to purchase a Science plan, please click here.
KooBits Science Trial
If you are interested in KooBits Science and are new to KooBits, you can sign up for the free 7-day Science trial here. Kindly note that this trial will start immediately after registration and payment will be charged 7 days later if it is not canceled within 7 days. Refer to this guide if you want to cancel the trial.
If you are an existing KooBits Maths subscriber, you can follow the steps to try Science for free for 7 days first before deciding whether to buy. No payment details are required to register for this Science Trial and you can purchase at any time on the platform during this 7-day trial period.
1) Log in to the KooBits platform at member.koobits.com with your child's Login.
2) At the top left-hand corner, click on the dropdown button and click on the button "Try" under Science.  
 mceclip0.png 

3) Follow the subsequent steps stated.
 
If you need any further assistance, you can reach out to us via our Contact Us page.
KooBits Science is suitable for which age?
KooBits Science is generally suitable for Primary 3 to 6 students. For Primary 1 to 2 students, there are also questions available for practice in the Mission feature to prepare the student for Science in Primary 3 onwards.
Which syllabus is KooBits Science content aligned to?
KooBits Science contents are aligned to Singapore Science MOE syllabus for Primary 3 to 6 students.
For Primary 1 to 2 students, there are also questions available for practice in the Mission feature to prepare the student for Science in Primary 3 onwards.
Daily Challenge
What is the Daily Challenge for Science?
For KooBits Science, there are 5 new questions that will be assigned in Daily Challenge each day from Monday to Saturday*. These questions are aligned with the syllabus assigned to your plan and are based on the difficulty level. 
Your child can answer each question more than once and he/she will earn challenge points (CPs) for correct answers.
* Opening Hours: 6am - 10pm (GMT+8), Mon to Sat
 
Note:
At the start of the academic year, Daily Challenge questions will be based on the previous year's grade level for the first 30 days. Questions will be taken from the current year's grade level afterward.
How many points can be earned in the Daily Challenge for Science?
The challenge points (CPs) you can earn in daily challenges vary from question to question.
Question 1 - 2: 1 CP each
Question 3 - 4: 2 CPs each
Question 5: 3 CPs each
Why does the Daily Challenge for Science only have 5 questions instead of 10 as shown in Maths?
Daily challenge has been designed to build healthy learning habits in kids. Math is a subject where more practice equals better knowledge retention. Science, however, is more about consistent exposure to the topic in different formats of questions. The same level of consistency can be achieved with 5 engaging questions, instead of 10.
 
Intention of Daily Challenge for Science: mostly to help in memory and reinforcement of misconceptions and keywords. Will be repetitive to drive down keywords so there is no need for 10. 5 a day is sufficient, the key is consistent exposure.
 
Intention of Daily Challenge for Math: practice the skills, building the muscle to answer the questions, be familiar with the problem solving steps. Every question has different numbers, so they are learning how to apply the same skill to different scenarios, so more breadth is required. The key is practice.
Peer Challenge
What is the Peer Challenge for Science?
Peer Challenge comprises 5 questions in each challenge based on your curriculum and level. The recipient of the challenge will also get 5 questions based on their curriculum and level to ensure fairness. Each day, you can receive or send up to 1 challenge. You earn up to 3 Challenge Points (CPs) from each challenge based on your result against your opponent's result.
You can select either one of the following options to start your peer challenge.
               * challenge a friend from your school
               * challenge a friend (either from your BFF list or searching for your friend using BFF code or Login ID)
               * start a challenge with a random KooBits user
               * accept a challenge from a friend
               * Once the challenge exercise is successfully completed, you will see the ‘pending’ page. This means that your challenge request has been successfully sent.
               * If you challenge a random challenger, the result and earning of CPs will be immediate.
               * The recipient of the challenge then has to accept the challenge by clicking start.
               * All pending peer challenges will need to be completed in 3 days*.
               * The challenge is regarded as completed only after both parties have completed the peer challenge. You will earn CPs based on your performance in the results.
Why does the Peer Challenge for Science have 1 challenge per day instead of 3?
Our consideration is on the workload of Science as a subject relative to Math as a subject, based on MOE curriculum guidelines. The other consideration is what is the right amount of work on a daily basis (across different subjects), we do not want to stress out children by imposing excessive daily work load. Therefore, we reduce the daily challenge workload and peer challenge workload on a daily basis, so as to maintain the children's motivation level and sustainability of learning (multiple subjects) on KooBits platform.
Leaderboards
Top Brain (Science)
Currently, there is only a termly Top Brain leaderboard for Science without any awards. If you are a Singapore Maths Plan user, you can participate in Maths Top Brain and win awards! Please refer to https://www.koobits.com/awards/topbrain/ to understand more.
Hero of the Day
Hero of the Day (HOD) is a daily activity.
HOD counts cumulative points earned by a student within a single day for the leaderboard. If two students have the same points, the one that achieved earlier will be in higher rank. The student with the most points among all schools within a country will enter the Hall of Fame.
Mission
Mission Plus (Science)
In the Science Mission Plus feature, your child can practice skills relevant to every topic within your child's curriculum. After completing questions in each skill, your child can earn KoKo credits which can be used to unlock fun and exciting activities such as Brain Games and StoryScience.
 Mission_Plus_dashboard.jpg 

With effect from 31 Jan '23, KooBits Science users (based on country) will have the following curriculums in Mission Plus (under "KooTraining").
Singapore (SG) users:
- Singapore Science Curriculum (MOE-aligned) - Edition 2.0 (new Mission Plus flow and there is no high score report)
- Singapore Science Curriculum - Edition 1.0 (previous Mission flow and there is high score report)
Users (in any other country except Singapore):
- International KooBits Science Curriculum - Edition 1.0 (new Mission Plus flow and there is no high score report)
- Singapore Science Curriculum - Edition 1.0 (previous Mission flow and there is high score report)
 
Each skill in Science Mission Plus has 3 stages of attempts with different sets of unique questions each. Each subsequent stage has a higher difficulty (Stage 1 → Stage 2 → Stage 3). Your child will need to have at least 8 answers correct to progress and unlock the next stage.
 Mission_Plus_inside.jpg 

Other than having more questions to practice on for each skill, your child can now practice questions in the same skill more than once and still get KoKo credits. How many credits are earned will depend on the following 3 components (in order).
1) Stage bonus (one-time per stage)
2) Gift box bonus (repeatable)
3) Account XP level bonus (repeatable and need to be at least level 30)
 Koko_credits_earning.jpg 

Notes:
- Currently, the high score report is still available in Student Platform and Parent App but this report is only for the curriculum (Singapore Science Curriculum - Edition 1.0). It does not apply to the new curriculum under Mission Plus.
Assignments
How do I create Parents Assignment for Science?
Parents will be able to create personalized assignments for the child directly in the student portal.
Steps to create personalized assignment:
- Go to KooTraining > Assignment > Create Personalized Assignment
- Next, choose Syllabus, Level, Topic and Skill to create new assignments.
- Add Homework Title and Deadline then click Assign Now.
KooClass Science
What is KooClass Science?
KooClass Science is a series of interactive virtual classes to help kids, aged 9-12 years, independently learn and extend understanding of Science concepts and skills taught in school.
 
With KooClass Science, kids will have an avenue for satisfying their curiosity for Science, while connecting interesting Scientific content back to what they are learning at their current levels.
• Learn about how spiders do not belong to the animal group of insects.
• Learn about why blood is not always red in color.
• Learn about why we cannot create or destroy energy.
• Learn about why we cannot say that a chair is a non-living thing because it cannot move.
• Learn about why we cannot say that some animals lay eggs while some do not have eggs.
KooClass can also be accessed anytime, anywhere, on-demand, on your schedule.
KooQuiz
Open-Ended Questions
Your child can attempt these open-ended science questions if these questions are printed out as hardcopy.
If your child doesn't know how to answer a question, you can use the KooScan feature in the parent app to scan the QR code at the end of the paper and a solution document will appear. You can refer here to understand more on KooScan.
Alternatively, your child can attempt the questions online via fill-in-the-blanks format which will be marked immediately with solution explanations. Through this way, these questions will teach your child with a scaffolding learning approach and keywords. This is also how children learn in school.
Brain Games
Brain Games Rules for Science
There are 5 areas in Brain Games (Science): Energy, Systems, Problem-solving, Life Science, Interaction
Here are the rules:
1. This feature opens from 8am to 8pm daily.
2. You can only play up to 25 minutes in a single day. - The play time starts counting once any game starts and is consumed while playing or after.
3. Each game requires 1 KoKo Credit each day. - You can earn more KoKo credits from Homework, Daily Bonus and Daily Challenge.
StoryScience
What is StoryScience?
StoryScience is a library of short stories to expose readers to Science concepts in an entertaining way.
20 KoKo Credits are required to unlock a new chapter.